README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
Appcelerator Titanium Box2D Module for iOS 
==========================================

This is a Box2D module for iOS originally developed by Jeff Haynie.

[Box2D](http://www.box2d.org/) is one of the most popular physics engines used for all sorts of 
cool things from popular games like Angry Birds to engineering simulations.


Basic usage:

~~~
var window = Ti.UI.createWindow();
var view = Ti.UI.createView();
window.add(view);
window.open();


// load the module
var box2d = require("ti.box2d");

// create the world, using view as the surface
var world = box2d.createWorld(view);

// create a block 
var redBlock = Ti.UI.createView({
	backgroundColor:"red",
	width:50,
	height:50,
	top:0
});

// add the block body to the world
var redBody = world.addBody(redBlock,{
	density:12.0,
	friction:0.3,
	restitution:0.4,
	type:"dynamic"
});

world.addEventListener("collision",function(e) {
	if ((e.a == redBody || e.b == redBody) && e.phase == "begin") {
		Ti.API.info("the redBody collided with something");
	}
});

// start the world
world.start();
~~~



TODO
===

There's a lot that's not currently supported and needs to be implemented.
Right now, I basically only support adding either a rectangle or cirlce body
to the world and the various body properties. No complex polygons.  


HOW TO HELP
==========

Here's how you can help me make this full featured.

- Write lots of sample apps!
- Write API documentation
- Write better usage guides
- Find and report bugs (for now, just use GitHub issues)
- Fork it and add other missing APIs
- Port to Android
- Port to HTML5 


LICENSE
=======
Apache Public License version 2


COPYRIGHT
=========
Copyright (c) 2011 by Jeff Haynie. All Rights Reserved.

=======
Appcelerator Titanium Box2D Module for iOS ==========================================This is a Box2D module for iOS developed by Jeff Haynie.[Box2D](http://www.box2d.org/) is one of the most popular physics engines used for all sorts of cool things from popular games like Angry Birds to engineering simulations.Basic usage:~~~var window = Ti.UI.createWindow();var view = Ti.UI.createView();window.add(view);window.open();// load the modulevar box2d = require("ti.box2d");// create the world, using view as the surfacevar world = box2d.createWorld(view);// create a block var redBlock = Ti.UI.createView({	backgroundColor:"red",	width:50,	height:50,	top:0});// add the block body to the worldvar redBody = world.addBody(redBlock,{	density:12.0,	friction:0.3,	restitution:0.4,	type:"dynamic"});world.addEventListener("collision",function(e) {	if ((e.a == redBody || e.b == redBody) && e.phase == "begin") {		Ti.API.info("the redBody collided with something");	}});// start the worldworld.start();~~~TODO===Here is an outline of what needs to be done* Joints - iPhone to Box2d coordinate system translation for the location of the joint as well as other layout and distance related properties. Also "constants" for joint types* World - Sprites need to be added, and destroyJoint method needs to be added.* Bodies - Distance, and time of impact methods. Fixed rotation property. Dampening property. Bullets property. * Polygons - creation of polygons should be done by passing an array of points as args for the shape property. * Debug drawing - This should be enabled with a property set such as box2d.debug = true;LICENSE=======Apache Public License version 2COPYRIGHT=========Copyright (c) 2011 by Jeff Haynie. All Rights Reserved.
>>>>>>> Updated docs, and updated joints, renamed removeBody to destroyBody, added "constants"

Commit message:

Fixing the massive issues created by my git install this morning, and updated folder structure

README.md, after:

Appcelerator Titanium Box2D Module for iOS 
==========================================

This is a Box2D module for iOS developed by Jeff Haynie.

[Box2D](http://www.box2d.org/) is one of the most popular physics engines used for all sorts of 
cool things from popular games like Angry Birds to engineering simulations.


Basic usage:

~~~
var window = Ti.UI.createWindow();
var view = Ti.UI.createView();
window.add(view);
window.open();


// load the module
var box2d = require("ti.box2d");

// create the world, using view as the surface
var world = box2d.createWorld(view);

// create a block 
var redBlock = Ti.UI.createView({
	backgroundColor:"red",
	width:50,
	height:50,
	top:0
});

// add the block body to the world
var redBody = world.addBody(redBlock,{
	density:12.0,
	friction:0.3,
	restitution:0.4,
	type:"dynamic"
});

world.addEventListener("collision",function(e) {
	if ((e.a == redBody || e.b == redBody) && e.phase == "begin") {
		Ti.API.info("the redBody collided with something");
	}
});

// start the world
world.start();
~~~



TODO
===

There's a lot that's not currently supported and needs to be implemented.
Right now, I basically only support adding either a rectangle or cirlce body
to the world and the various body properties. No complex polygons.  


HOW TO HELP
==========

Here's how you can help me make this full featured.

- Write lots of sample apps!
- Write API documentation
- Write better usage guides
- Find and report bugs (for now, just use GitHub issues)
- Fork it and add other missing APIs
- Port to Android
- Port to HTML5 


LICENSE
=======
Apache Public License version 2


COPYRIGHT
=========
Copyright (c) 2011 by Jeff Haynie. All Rights Reserved.
